Update CHANGELOG.md for OTEL_HTTP_CLIENT_COMPATIBILITY_MODE environment variable (#5908)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Support for stdoutlog exporter in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config`. (#5850)
- Add macOS ARM64 platform to the compatibility testing suite. (#5868)

> - Allow configuring the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` with the `OTEL_HTTP_CLIENT_COMPATIBILITY_MODE` environment variable to receive both the current v1.20.0 and the new v1.24.0 attributes. (#5333, #5401)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for the `OTEL_HTTP_CLIENT_COMPATIBILITY_MODE=http/dup` environment variable in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` to emit attributes for both the v1.20.0 and v1.24.0 semantic conventions. (#5401)
```
